
For each?
  - story
  - my role
  - how its built



Tablelist



Internal tools for analytics, marketing, data management, and client relations. Open source angular.js directives for rapid development of data management single


EverTrue

EverTrue creates networking and data management solutions for non-profit organizations and higher education. Their goal is to leverage social data to create stronger alumni relationships. EverTrue also creates data analytics tools for fundraisers and prospect research. 

I worked on the AMP team. Admin Management Portal. A Backbone.js powered web app for configuring customizable white labeled social mobile app. The goal was to give this suite of tools to university alumni offices and allow them to create a network and communication channel for their alumni to stay in touch with each other. 

EverTrue Portal
Tech: Javascript, Backbone.js, PHP, MySQL
  Configuration and data management tools for alumni engagement mobile apps.

EverTrue LinkedIn Grader
  Lead generation tool for comparing the engagement of LinkedIn groups.

EverTrue FitBit Challenge
  Competitive leaderboard for FitBit activity.

EverTrue Email Campaign
  Marketing and re-engagement email templates.


Texture Technologies

Texture Technologies is the North American distributor for the TA.XT2 family of Texture Analysers -  high precision equipment for testing consistency testing as well as research and
development. Texture Technologies provides equipment, training, support, and customized solutions to companies in every industry from food, pharma, packaging....

What did you work on?

Texturetechnologies.com I
Tech: Jekyll, Gulp

Texturetechnologies.com II
Tech: PHP, MySQL

Training.texturetechnologies.com
Tech: Javascript, PHP

Video training platform for TA.XT2 Texture Analyzer users.

Various branding and design work.


Interactive Media Capstone


As a senior at Northeastern, I lead a team of designers and developers to create a platform for 
visualizing geo-locational data sets. Our goal was to provide an interface for creating visual correlations between data sets such as rent prices, census data, public transportation, and social activity. 

Data Visualization Capstone
Tech: D3.js, Leaflet.js, Javascript, Bower
  Interactive data visualization library for implementing D3.js visualizations in leaflet maps.

Data Visualization Capstone API
Tech: Node, MongoDB
  Bulk data processing for uploading and parsing location history data.

Context for descriptions:
- what is the company
- what is the project?
- what was my role?
- what was the challenge?



Photography

Africa Photography

Thailand Photography
  Photographs from a month in Thailand.

Fire Photography
  High-speed photography for fire performance.

Macro & Portrait Photography
  Studio photography for people and products.

Misc. Projects



Software Development - Game Player Data Visualization
Tech: Leaflet.js, D3.js, Node.js
Interactive visualization of players spacial behaviour in digital environments.

Craig Reynold's Swarm AI
Tech: Processing, Java, Javascript
  Interactive demonstration of Craig Reynold's swarm behaviour AI algorithms.

clintvalentine.com
  Personal site and blog for photographer, climber and scientist.

Firebrandinnovations.com & branding
  Marketing site for patented video conferencing technology.

Arduino & Quadcopter
  Research and development for Rasberry Pi & Arduino powered Quadcopters.



